hi guys this is Nikki and welcome to
part two of how I do my repaints this is
not an official tutorial but I am going
to talk you through the steps alright
and we're gonna go on to pastels and how
you do this is you take your pastel your
chalk or even makeup yes I've heard
people do that rub it on a piece of
paper then rub your paintbrush or q-tip
in the color or the pigment and then
start applied to the doll and for this
doll I wanted to do a deathly smokey eye
just an extreme dark zombie you know and
also the dark will make the eye pop so I
brush this on and then I get ready to
move on to the paint and on to the paint
I understand that the angle that I use
to film this was pretty crummy so if you
bear with me I made some pretty awful
animations so that you can follow what
I'm doing so without a stencil or
anything I go ahead and I start to paint
the eyes I decide the size and the shape
and then lay the paint down right into
the eye sockets
onto the irises for this stall I decided
I wanted her to have a mysterious side
glance normally when I lay down the
irises I start them out in white
but because of the camera angle I
realized you couldn't see what I was
doing so for the animation I outlined
them in black
as far as the kind of paints I use I
like liquitex
you can use any paints you want I just
choose liquitex because it has a nice
high pigment also it's like rubber when
it dries and it's affordable pretty much
this is when I start laying down color
so I always start from the darkest color
and bring it up to the lightest color
and I do this in layers so for this
because we're doing a zombie white eye
there's gonna be gray undertones so I'm
gonna start down putting the darkest
gray and then I'm gonna work my way up
to the lightest gray I don't know how
other doll artists do their work but
this is how I you know discover that
well I like this the best anyway
pretty much the animation is going to
show you how I do this instead of me
going on and on about it
tediously and boring you have to death
I think the animation even though their
crummy animations are gonna do a pretty
good job of showing you and after I do
the irises I go in and I lay the white
down for the actual eyeball I do it
after and I do it very thinly and then
build up to the color that I want
and this concludes this portion of how I
do my repaint I hope this was at least a
little interesting even though it's not
an official tutorial and I'll see you in
the next video